Name Student A: Arseniy Kouzmenkov   	ID: 1542302
Name student B: Patrisha de Boon   	ID: 1496979

Summary Description:
Our game is an arcade style retro bullet hell game built completely in Python3
using the pygame module. The goal of the game is essentially to destroy as many
enemies as possible while avoiding enemy bullets. The game has a start screen,
a menu screen, a high score screen, a game screen, a game over screen, multiple
difficulties, and the ability to save the game or load the game from a previous
save file.

Detailed Description of Gameplay:
During gameplay the player uses wasd and/or arrow keys to control a ship which
fires bullets automatically at a set rate, and the goal is essentially to
destroy as many enemies as possible while avoiding enemy bullets. The enemies
are spawned in waves, and each wave will have a random enemy type and will begin
at a random x location. The number of enemies in a wave is dependent on the type
of the enemies, and the amount of health points each enemy has is dependent on
the type of the enemy and the difficulty of the game. There can be a maximum of
4 enemy waves on screen at a time. A random enemy wave will fire bullets after
a set delay, and each enemy remaining in the wave will fire a number of bullets
which depends on the enemy type and the difficulty of the game. The player is
awarded points for killing an enemy, and points are removed for letting an enemy
reach the bottom of the screen. The number of points they are rewarded or removed
depends on the enemy type. The player is damaged when they collide with an enemy
bullet or another enemy, and the opposite is true as well. It is notable that
higher level enemies fire multiple bullets at once at random angles, and it is
possible for these bullets to overlap and appear to be one bullet. If the player
collides with these overlapping bullets, they will take multiple points of
damage which will be noticeable in game as multiple damage animations. While in
the game state, the player can press the Esc key to bring up the pause menu
which is explained further in 'Detailed Description of Non-Gameplay screens', as
is the Game Over screen which is brought up when the player dies.

Detailed Description of Non-Gameplay screens:
The game has a start screen which can be skipped at any time by pressing any
button, bringing the player to the main menu screen. In the menu screen the
player can start a new game, they can continue a saved game if a save file is
in the directory, change the difficulty of the game, see the current high
scores, or quit the game. If a save file is present, it is assumed to be a valid
save file. If the player presses Esc while in game, they will bring up the pause
menu. If they press again, they will close the menu and return to gameplay, just
as they will if they select 'continue'. They can also save the game, which will
write the current relevant info of the game to save.txt, and the menu will then
be closed and they will return to the game. They can also chose to return to
the main menu. If the player is killed, they will go to the Game Over screen
which will display their score and allow them to record their preferred name,
with an 11 character limit. This name and score will be recorded in the high
score file if it is within the top ten scores. If no highScore file is present,
then a new one will be created to hold this score and it will automatically be
the top score. The player can then continue to the high score screen which will
display the top ten scores recorded on the highScore file. Navigation for all of
the screens can be done through keyboard input  (wasd/arrow keys and enter) or
through mouse input.

Potential Restrictions and Known Bugs:
There is a bug that happens on the in class VM if pygame is not updated to the
latest version where the enemies and bullets stop being updated but the player
can still move around. This bug was only ever encountered on the lab machines.
Please update make sure pygame is up to date on your machine during testing. If
the bug is encountered, simply restart the game. Occasionally it may be
necessary to exit to the menu in order to quit the game, but this issue was only
encountered once.

Required Accessories:
N/A

Wiring Instructions:
N/A

How to Run Code:
To run the code, run the command "python3 RetroBulletHell.py" in the terminal
when you are within the folder that contains all the required game files.
